Provide clarification for how this specification is different from TraceContext. (#109)
w3c/baggage: abstract/common-abstract.md

> This specification defines a standard for representing and propagating a set of application-defined properties associated with a distributed request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specification defines a standard for representing and propagating a set of application-defined properties associated with a distributed request or workflow execution.
```

> This is independent of the [Trace Context](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/) specification. This can be used independent of whether Distributed Tracing is used. This standardizes representing and propagating application-defined properties. In contrast, Trace Context standardizes representing and propagating the trace context needed to enable Distributed Tracing scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is independent of the [Trace Context](https://www.w3.org/TR/trace-context/) specification. Baggage can be used regardless of whether Distributed Tracing is used. This specification standardizes representation and propagation of application-defined properties. In contrast, Trace Context specification standardizes representation and propagation of the metadata needed to enable Distributed Tracing scenarios.
```
